# IEEE Motor Vehicles Challenge (MVC) 2025 installation instructions

## Preparations
- Make a local clone of the GIT repository https://github.com/VTSociety/MVC_2025 or download the entire project.
- To facilitate operating with git, a helpful tool for Windows is e.g. [Tortoise GIT](https://tortoisegit.org/) but there are several other [Git GUI Clients](https://git-scm.com/downloads/guis) available. Please note that the use of Git is not mandatory.
- It is required to have **Matlab Version R2022b** (tested). If you use a different version, please check the compatibility of the Simulink model with the 2022b version. The final evaluation will be carried out with Matlab R2022b

## Setup test
You can run tests with the "baseline EMS policy". To execute the Simulink model, please run the script "main_runSimulation.m":
- this script will define some parameters of the system;
- the mission profile will be selected according to the User's choice;
- it is possible to select whether the figures will be left open or closed after the simulation;
- at the end of the simulation, an autogenerated report will summarize the performance of the EMA;
Do not worry if the Simulink file does not show up: the script will run the simulation in the background. Alternatively, you can open the Simulink model and run it manually provided that the necessary parameters are set.

## Setup your own EMS
- To run the Simulink model, save the model after the modification and run the main script "main_runSimulation.m" again.
- Evaluate your EMS by checking the generated "ResultsVTSChallenge2025.html"

Good luck!

## License
All files of the repository "MVC 2025" are intended solely for the aim of the Motor Vehicle Challenge competition organised within the IEEE VTS Society. The Authors declined all responsabilities for usage outside this context.

Copyright © 2024-2025. The code is released under the CC BY-NC 4.0 license. Link to short summary of CC BY-NC 4.0 license. For attribution see also license file.
